docs: Add ad_dds, util_wfifo, util_var_fifo util_extract IP Cores (#1339)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: docs/library/common/ad_dds/index.rst

and shift, there is no constraint for the amplitude, but if is equal for both

ad_dds_1
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

:git-hdl:`ad_dds_1 <library/common/ad_dds_1.v>`
contains the phase to amplitude converter and an "amplifier". The phase to
amplitude converter is always generating a full scale sine-wave. Because the
data format is two's complement, for a 16 bit data angle, min value will be
-(2^16)/2 and max (2^16)/2-1.

.. image:: ad_dds_1.svg

ad_dds_sine_*
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

:git-hdl:`ad_dds_sine <library/common/ad_dds_sine.v>`
and
:git-hdl:`ad_dds_sine_cordic <library/common/ad_dds_sine_cordic.v>`
are the available phase to amplitude converters.

CLOCK RATIO
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The clock ratio (number data paths processed in parallel) instantiates more DDS
logic, but it it is controlled by the same register map for all
CLOCK_RATIO/DATA_PATH parameters.

Where is the CLOCK_RATIO > 1? This scenario can be found in every high speed DAC

> design. It is required because the FPGA fabric can't work at the same speed than
> that of a high speed converter(typically > 250M).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
design. It is required (CLOCK_RATIO > 1) because the FPGA fabric can't work at the same speed as
that of the high-speed converter (typically > 250M).
```

Let's take the daq2(AD9144) as an example, where the clock ratio is 4, this
ratio is chosen for the maximum sampling frequency 1GSPS, this results in an
internal clock of 250MHz(device clock), which is closer to the upper limit of
what some FPGAs can handle. So, in one clock cycle(250M) it needs to generate 4
consecutive samples in order to keep up with the DAC. This is done by 4 DDS
modules. The phase accumulator part is all in one place and the phase to
amplitude converters have dedicated sub-modules, as described above. When the

> frequency is changed by software the 4 phases accumulator are align for the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frequency is changed by software, the 4 phase accumulators are aligned for the new
```

       { "name": "tone 2 gen0",  "wave": "=.......5=..55|5555555","data":["","i0","","i0+","i0+","i0+","..."]},
       { "name": "tone 2 gen1",  "wave": "=........5=.55|5555555","data":["","i1","","i1+","i1+","i1+","..."]},
       { "name": "tone 2 gen2",  "wave": "=.........5=55|5555555","data":["","i2","","i2+","i2+","i2+","..."]},
       { "name": "tone 2 gen3",  "wave": "=..........555|5555555","data":["","i3","i3+","i3+","i3+","..."]},
       { "name": "tone 2",     "wave": "=.......======|5555555","data":["","0","0","0","0","0","...","s0-3","s4-8","s8-C","..."]},
       ],
     foot: {
       text: ['tspan', 'Frequency word sync at CLK_RATIO=4'],
     }
   }

In the above diagram example:

* CLOCK_RATIO = 4
* i0 = phase offset
* i1 = i0 + FW
* i2 = i1 + FW
* i3 = i2 + FW

Each "i" is on 16 bits and each "s"(0-3) is on 64 bits.
i(t)+ is the value of the previous i(t) plus the increment(FW*CLOCK_RATIO).

It should be mentioned that after the phase init fall-edge, until the first
valid sample, there is a delay caused by the phase to angle converter type and
in the case of the CORDIC type, number of rotation stages will also have a
direct impact on this clock period delay.

> Performance analysis

Reviewer: I think it would be better if we don't mention this, since we have done measurements so far.
